Draft ToggleGroup docs & examples (#3883)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/togglegroup.mdx

> ## Use Cases

Author: ```suggestion
## Use cases
```

> **Toggling Views** - Typically used in a data collection toolbar to allow the user to swtich between different data presentations such as map, list, chart and datatable.

Author: ```suggestion
### Toggling views

Typically used in a data collection toolbar to allow the user to switch between different data presentations such as map, list, chart and table.
```

> **Rich Text Editor** - Allows the user to select one or more options of related items like bold, underline and italic.

Author: ```suggestion
### Rich-text editor

Allows the user to select one or more options of related items such as bold, underline, and italic.
```

## Anatomy

| Label | Region           | Purpose           |                  Required                   | Notes             |
| ----- | ---------------- | ----------------- | :-----------------------------------------: | ----------------- |
| **1** | **Container** | Organizes children, how they appear and spaced. | Required |        --         |
| **2** | **Label** | Describes what the button will do when selected. | Optional |        If no label is shown, icon is required.        |
| **3** | **Icon** | Used to visually represent text label with or without label.  | Optional |       a11yTitle required. If no icon is shown, label is required      |

## Types

> **Single select** - Allows a user to toggle on or off one option from a set of alike buttons.

Author: ```suggestion
### Single select

With single selection, where only one button can be toggled on at a time. This is the default behavior.
```

> **Multi-select** - Allows a user to toggle on or off multiple options within a group of alike buttons at the same time.

Author: ```suggestion
### Multiple select

With multiple selection, multiple buttons can be toggled on at the same time.
```

## Accessibility

In icon-only cases, ensure each icon has a clear a11yTitle.

| Key | Interaction           | 
| ----- | ---------------- |

> | **Tab** | Focuses on first toggle button. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Tab** | If nothing is toggled on, focuses on the first button in the group. Otherwise, focuses on the first button that is toggled on. |
```

| **Left/Right Arrows** | Moves to other available buttons. |

> | **Space/Return** | Selects button with focus. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Space/Enter** | Selects button with focus. |
```

## Use Cases

### Filtering

> - **Ma**p: Used to provide user with a map view of a datatable or list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Map**: Used to provide user with a map view of a datatable or list.
```

- **Chart**: Used to provide user with a chart view a datatable or list.
- **DataTable**: Used to provide user with a DataTable view of a chart or map.

## Anatomy
| Label | Region           | Purpose           |                  Required                   | Notes             |
| ----- | ---------------- | ----------------- | :-----------------------------------------: | ----------------- |
| **1** | **Container** | Organizes children, how they appear and spaced. | Required |        --         |
| **2** | **Label** | Describes what the button will do when selected. | Optional |        --         |
| **3** | **Icon** | Used to visually represent text label with or without label.  | Optional |       a11yTitle required       |

## Types 

Togglegroup can be used in multiple ways:

**Single Option:** Used only when toggling between a single view. For example, toggling between a Chart and DataTable.

**Multiple Options:** Used to select more than one option. For example, selecting mutliple styles like bold and italic within a TextEditor.

## Accessibility

In icon-only cases, ensure each icon has a clear a11yTitle.

| Key | Interaction           | 
| ----- | ---------------- |

> | **Tab** | Focuses on first toggle button. |

Reviewer: I wonder if we should add focuses on the first togglebutton or the active toggle button

Reviewer 2: Hey Brittany, i'm not sure I understand, can you elaborate more please.

Reviewer: yes, so lets say we have `underline` `bold` `italic` in that order and we make the `bold` on as default than the focus would be on the `bold` instead of the first toggle button.

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  ToggleGroupAnatomy,  
  ToggleGroupSimple,
  ToggleGroupTextEditor,
  ToggleGroupViews,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  componentName="ToggleGroup"
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/ToggleGroupSimple.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/togglegroup?theme=hpe"

>   figma=""

Author: ```suggestion
  figma="https://www.figma.com/design/5uOrsL2qk8XwwH8C1ZpDb6/HPE-Design-System-Components?m=auto&node-id=27182-429&t=I27997ArWLDukWGZ-1"
```

Reviewer: thank you for link!

>   grommetSource="https://github.com/grommet/grommet/blob/master/src/js/components/ToggleGroup/ToggleGroup.js"

Author: ```suggestion
grommetSource="https://github.com/grommet/grommet/blob/master/src/js/components/ToggleGroup/ToggleGroup.js"
height={{ min: 'small' }}
```

>
  <ToggleGroupSimple />
</Example>

## Use cases

### Toggling views

Typically used in a data collection toolbar to allow the user to switch between different data presentations such as map, list, chart, and table.

<Example
  width="100%"
  code={["https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/ToggleGroupViews.js",
  'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/CardView.js',
  'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/ListView.js',
  'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/utils.js']}
>
  <ToggleGroupViews />
</Example>

### Rich-text editor

Allows the user to select one or more options of related items such as bold, underline, and italic.

<Example

>   code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/ToggleGroupTextEditor.js"

Author: ```suggestion
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/togglegroup/ToggleGroupTextEditor.js"
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
```
